
Terminologies associated with Binary Trees and Types of Binary Trees

Node:
    It represents a termination point in a tree.

Root:
    A tree’s topmost node.

Edges:
    In a tree data structure, the connecting link between any two nodes is called as EDGE.
    In a tree with 'N' number of nodes there will be a maximum of 'N-1' number of edges.

Parent:
    Each node (apart from the root) in a tree that has at least one sub-node of its own is
    called a parent node.
    
Child:
    A node that straightway came from a parent node when moving away from the root is the child node.

Siblings:
    In a tree data structure, nodes which belong to same Parent are called as Siblings.
    In simple words, the nodes with the same parent are called Sibling nodes.
    
Leaf Node:
    These are external nodes. They are the nodes that have no child.

Internal Node:
    As the name suggests, these are inner nodes with at least one child.

Degree of Tree
    In a tree data structure, the total number of children of a node is called as DEGREE of that Node.

Level:
    The distance from a node 'B' to the root node is the level of 'B'. The root is at level 0,
    the root’s children are at level 1, and so on.
    (In simple words, in a tree each step from top to bottom is called as a Level and the Level
    count starts with '0' and incremented by one at each level)

Depth of a Tree:
    The number of edges from the tree’s node to the root is.

Height of a Tree:
    It is the number of edges from the node to the deepest leaf. The tree height is also considered
    the root height.

Size:
    Size of a binary tree refers to the number of nodes it has.

Path:
    In a tree data structure, the sequence of Nodes and Edges from one node to another node is
    called as PATH between that two Nodes.

Lenght of Path
    Length of a Path is total number of nodes in that path

Internal Path Length:
    The sum of the levels of each of the internal nodes in a tree is called the Internal Path Length of that tree

External Path Length:
    The sum of the levels of each of the external nodes in a tree is called the External Path Length.

Sub-Tree:
    In a tree data structure, each child from a node forms a subtree recursively.
    Every child node will form a subtree on its parent node.

